docs: add release step to update pinned charm tests (#1213)
canonical/operator: HACKING.md

   link to the full changelog.
8. Change [version.py][ops/version.py]'s `version` to the
   [appropriate string](https://semver.org/).

> 9. Update the pinned charm versions in `.github/workflows/*-charm-tests.yaml` to

Reviewer: I like when these are links, although it's trickier here since it's a wildcard. Maybe to the directory?

```suggestion
9. Update the pinned charm versions in [*-charm-tests.yaml](.github/workflows/) to
```

>    the latest version of the charm's `main`. If they fail in the PR, bump them back

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   the latest version of the charm's default branch. If they fail in the PR, bump them back
```

Some of them are still using `master`.
